Project :
An automation software that uses its own language and syntax for automation scripting allowing even beginners with easy to learn syntax and keywords to write automation scripts to make their life easier even more the main idea for this is that given it uses a text-based scripting its easier to write the scripts using an AI simply by feeding the syntax and logic knowledge of the scripting language so the scripting process can be more streamlined and easier.

PHASE I:
A cool notepad like interface with run-script option

Syntax highlighter : for the user to differentiate between syntax, keywords, applications and ordinary texts or characters.

Autocomplete or suggestion : will suggest the keywords or syntax as well as available applications for cases when the user have to open applications or close them.

Basic Syntax and Keywords such as : 
1. open <application> : allows opening applications also autodetects that an application has to come after open command so suggests available applications by name for example if I type no.. then will show notepad in suggestion or other apps.
2. type <text> : will allow text autotyping also will allow special character and function keys using backslash like /t for tab, /ct for control , /e for enter, /b for backspace, /s for space, /(ct + t) for ctrl tab and so on for shift and other functionalities.
3. wait <seconds> : allows defining the wait timer 
4. close <application> allows closing applications from the background.

a debug terminal to display all the commands running or executed for debugging purpose.

##FEATURE UPDATE## 
Give the syntax autocompletion visual studio like power and performance that is capable of suggesting on the typing location site like as well as accepts the suggestion on pressing tab.

Would like to give the text editor the numbered line marker like visual studio code and other code editors for debugging purpose to understand and know which line is giving the issues and what to change , where to change

##INTERFACE POLISH##
Well now the interface will be redesigned a bit, first of all I'd want a more flexible interface with :
top bar has : 
1. File option having ( New file, Open file, Open folder, Recents, Save, Save As,  Exit )
2. Edit option (let's leave it empty for now)
3. View option (This will have appearance and other preferences but let's leave it empty for now)
4. Run option (This will simply run the Pach file)

Also I'd like to make the debug console to appear on left giving it somewhat of the classic nintendo ds vibes.
Oh Oh I'd also like to make it have an explorer for the user to have their pach files saved like visual studio code

